CITI PRIVATE BANK IN VIEW ADDITIONAL FUNDS TRANSFER TERMS AND AMENDMENTS TO TERMS OF USE 

IMPORTANT: TO AUTHORIZE FUNDS TRANSFER REQUESTS USING CITI PRIVATE BANK IN VIEW, YOU MUST AGREE TO THESE ADDITIONAL FUNDS TRANSFER TERMS AND AMENDMENTS TO THE CITI PRIVATE BANK IN VIEW TERMS OF USE BY CLICKING THE "ACCEPT", "I AGREE", "I CONSENT" OR OTHER SIMILARLY WORDED BUTTON OR ENTRY FIELD WITH YOUR MOUSE, KEYSTROKE OR OTHER COMPUTER DEVICE BELOW. 

WE MAY, AT OUR SOLE AND ABSOLUTE DISCRETION, MODIFY THESE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS AT ANY TIME BY NOTICE TO YOU. BY AUTHORIZING A FUNDS TRANSFER REQUEST USING CITI PRIVATE BANK IN VIEW, YOU WILL BE CONCLUSIVELY PRESUMED TO HAVE NOTICE OF THE MOST RECENT VERSION OF THESE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS. THEREFORE, PLEASE MAKE SURE YOU REVIEW THESE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FROM TIME TO TIME, PARTICULARLY IF THE MOST RECENT REVISION DATE IS AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH YOU LAST REVIEWED THEM. IF YOU AUTHORIZE A FUNDS TRANSFER REQUEST USING CITI PRIVATE BANK IN VIEW AFTER NOTIFICATION OF A CHANGE IN THESE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU WILL BE BOUND BY ALL SUCH CHANGES. 

WHILE THESE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS INCLUDE AMENDMENTS TO THE CITI PRIVATE BANK IN VIEW TERMS OF USE, YOU WILL BE BOUND BY SUCH AMENDMENTS ONLY IF YOU HAVE ACCEPTED THESE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OR HAVE AUTHORIZED A FUND TRANSFER REQUEST USING CITI PRIVATE BANK IN VIEW. THE AMENDMENTS TO THE CITI PRIVATE BANK IN VIEW TERMS OF USE CONTAINED IN THESE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS DO NOT BIND YOU IF YOU HAVE NOT ACCEPTED THESE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND HAVE NOT AUTHORISED ANY FUNDS TRANSFER REQUESTS USING CITI PRIVATE BANK IN VIEW. 

TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO ANY MATTER IN CONNECTION WITH ANY FUNDS TRANSFER. 

You should download, print or otherwise retain a copy of these additional terms and conditions for your records. 

	.	What this Agreement Covers. . This Citi Private Bank In View Additional Funds Transfer Terms and Amendments To Terms Of Use ("Agreement") allows you to authorize funds transfer requests from your eligible Citi account to another Citi account as well as via wire transfer to another institution initiated by you from time to time using Citi Private Bank In View (the "Funds Transfer Service"). Citi Private Bank In View is an electronic private banking and information service that permits authorized Users (defined below) to access eligible accounts and services through the Internet and a mobile software application.   
	.	Definitions. In this Agreement, the words "bank" and "Citi", "we", "us" and "our" mean the respective subsidiary and/or affiliate (including Citibank, N.A. and each of its branches wherever located) of Citigroup Inc. where your account(s) is/are booked. The words "you" and "your" mean the Citi account holder(s) or the account holder(s)'s authorized representative(s) (each, a "User").   
	.	Additional Agreements. In addition to the terms of this Agreement, your use of the Funds Transfer Service is governed by the terms and conditions of the Citi Private Bank In View Terms of Use, as amended by Section 17 of this Agreement, including without limitation, its provisions relating to personally identifiable information, cross-border data transfer, electronic consents, notices and hardware and software requirements. Further, the Funds Transfer Service and the accounts and other services which you manage or access through the Funds Transfer Service are also governed by additional separate agreements governing your account relationship with Citi.   
	.	Security Procedures. Citi Private Bank In View has been designed to place the issuance of software, user name and/or login ID, passwords, software tokens and security tokens (collectively, "Codes") under your control or those individuals authorized by you (please see section "Authorizations," below) in accordance with Sections 5 and 6 of the Citi Private Bank In View Terms of Use. Citi Private Bank In View has been designed so that it may be accessed only upon entry of valid Codes. You agree that all Users who have been issued such Codes shall be authorized to access the Funds Transfer Service. You authorize Citi to treat any instruction made on or through Citi Private Bank In View with valid Codes as if the instruction(s) were proper, duly authorized and had been made in writing and signed by the authorized User(s) to whom the Codes were issued, whether or not such instruction was actually authorized by such User(s) or any other User(s). Unless there is substantial evidence to the contrary, Citi records will be conclusive regarding any access to, or action taken through Citi Private Bank In View and you agree that such records are admissible in evidence and that you shall not challenge or dispute the admissibility, reliability, accuracy or the authenticity of such records merely on the basis that such records are in electronic form or are the output of a computer system, and you hereby waive any of your rights, if any, to so object. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the Codes, whether they were issued to you or another User, and you will not allow any person (including another authorized User) to use the Codes issued to you. You accept responsibility for both authorized and unauthorized access to the system by your employees, your associates or by third parties. You agree to inform Citi promptly of any discrepancies that you discover. Citi will therefore consider any access to Citi Private Bank In View through use of valid Codes to be duly authorized, and Citi will carry out any instruction given regardless of the identity of the individual who is actually operating the system or using the Codes.   You confirm that you have investigated the security measures employed by Citi Private Bank In View and that you have instituted the proper controls for access to Citi Private Bank In View through your computers, terminals and mobile devices. You confirm that the security system and controls are commercially reasonable and appropriate for the account holder(s) and you agree to the deployment of such security system and controls for access, including any subsequent adjustments to such security systems and controls as approved by Citi which improve or do not materially reduce the security of Citi Private Bank In View. When a User places an order for a funds transfer (including a wire transfer), Citi may follow a security procedure established for your protection that may entail a telephone call or other required contact with or from you or your designated representative prior to acting upon that User's instructions. In certain instances, Citi may also decline to act upon a User's instructions. Citi may employ other controls to verify the identity of a User as a condition to granting access including the collection and use of data that authenticates a User or a User's computer. You agree to these security procedures, and acknowledge that if contacted, either by telephone or electronically, you will act or respond (and procure that any other User shall act and respond) in compliance with requests resulting from these security procedures and you will be bound by any resulting transfer or decision not to act upon a User's instructions or to deny access to persons purporting to be a User.   
	.	Authorizations. You represent that each individual who has been issued the Codes and designated as an authorized User has general authority from you to give instructions within the access capability associated with such Codes (including general authority over the movement of your funds and over your accounts with Citi) and that Citi has full authorization from the account holder(s) to rely and act upon instructions identified by such Codes.   For certain accounts such as eligible business and trust accounts, multiple accounts owned by the same account holder(s) can be linked to a single Code. You can manage the specific authority of each User and to control access to and restrict transactions from accounts through enrollment documentation you provide to us. All transactions by a User are considered authorized by the account holder(s) provided the User is an authorised signer on the account to perform transactions.   
	.	Funds Transfers. Certain laws or regulations may provide certain rights for specific types of funds transfers. As noted throughout this Section 6, different rules may apply to different types of funds transfers. Also, for certain funds transfers that you initiate Citi may provide you (if so required by applicable laws or regulations) with certain disclosures required by applicable laws and regulations at the time you initiate the transfer. To the extent the provisions of this Section 6 are inconsistent with the disclosures provided to you for a specific funds transfer, the provisions of such disclosures shall prevail.   A. Authority to Transfer Funds. You authorize Citi to execute and charge your account(s) for any requests for the transfer of funds from any User, subject to any applicable limit as to the amount or the beneficiary - when such requests are given by you or a User, and are executed in accordance with the procedures established by Citi. You understand and acknowledge that Citi has no obligation to execute any funds transfer request that is not initiated in accordance with such procedures. You further acknowledge that the acceptance and processing of a funds transfer request is subject to the terms and conditions stated in this Section 6.   B. Reliance. Citi will rely on the information the User provides in making a funds transfer on your behalf. You understand that it is your responsibility to provide Citi with accurate information, and to procure and ensure that each User provides Citi with accurate information, regarding that transfer, including the account number of the beneficiary of the funds transfer ("IBAN") and where applicable, the number (such as "BIC" or "SORT") identifying the beneficiary institution, since payment will be processed based on the number(s) provided by the User. Should a User provide an incorrect account number and/or beneficiary institution identifier, you understand that any losses resulting from the funds being credited to a wrong account will be your responsibility.   For certain funds transfers, the User may be required at the time the User initiates the request to provide Citi with information regarding the currency in which the beneficiary account is maintained. You understand and acknowledge that Citi will rely on this information in executing the User's instructions in accordance with the provisions set forth in the "Currency of Funds Transfer" section of this Agreement.   C. Execution of a Funds Transfer Request.  (i). Immediate Funds Transfer Request. If a funds transfer request is received by Citi on a day that is not a business day or on a business day after the established cut-off hour, as determined by Citi from time to time, it will not be processed until the next business day.   (ii). Scheduled or Recurring Future-Dated Funds Transfer Request. If the date of a scheduled or recurring future-dated funds transfer request falls on a day that is not a business day, you understand and agree that the User's request will be executed on the next business day. Citi will make the determination to pay or reject the User's funds transfer request on the day on which it is executed based on the available balance in your account at the time the funds transfer request is processed.   D. Erroneous Funds Transfer Request. If a User makes a funds transfer request (including a request to recall or amend a request) which is erroneous in any way, you agree to pay the amount of such funds transfer and all related fees, whether or not the error could have been detected by any security procedure.   E. Rejection of Funds Transfer Request. We reserve the right to reject a User's funds transfer request without cause or prior notice. We may reject a User's funds transfer instruction for various reasons including, without limitation, if you have insufficient available funds in your account, if the request is in breach of any applicable transfer limit, if the User's instruction is incomplete or unclear or we are unable to fulfill the User's instruction for any other reason. For certain funds transfers we may be required by applicable laws or regulations to provide you with certain mandatory disclosures. The method we may use to provide such disclosures will likely depend on the manner in which you elect to deliver your funds transfer instruction to Citi. If we are unable to provide mandatory disclosures in a way that meets our regulatory obligations to provide such mandatory disclosures we will be unable to fulfill your instruction. If we reject a request for an immediate funds transfer for one or more of the reasons set forth above, the User will be informed of the rejection during your online session or as soon thereafter as we have determined to reject the request by either delivering a message via Citi Private Bank In View or by notification through other means.   F. Transfer to Beneficiary Bank. When a User requests Citi to make a funds transfer, the User must select a financial institution as the beneficiary bank (i.e., recipient bank) for the transfer. For funds transfers within or to the United States, the beneficiary bank must be a member of the Federal Reserve System or a correspondent bank of such a member, or a Clearing House Interbank Payment System (CHIPS) member.   A User may request that the funds either be deposited into a particular account at the beneficiary bank or be held at the beneficiary bank for your beneficiary. In either case, the beneficiary bank is responsible for following the User's instructions and for notifying the beneficiary that funds are available. After the funds are transferred to the beneficiary bank, they become the property of the beneficiary bank. The beneficiary bank is responsible for locating, identifying, and making payment to your beneficiary. If the User identifies a beneficiary by name and account number, the beneficiary's bank may pay the funds to the person identified by the account number, and Citi's payment may be final even if the account number provided does not correspond to your beneficiary. If the beneficiary bank is unable to locate an account, the funds may be returned.   Except as may be prohibited by applicable laws or regulations, any losses resulting from an incorrect account number or other misidentification of the beneficiary provided by a User is your responsibility and not Citi's.   G. Means of Transfer. You understand that Citi uses a variety of banking channels and facilities to make funds transfers, but will ordinarily use electronic means. We may choose any conventional means that we consider suitable to transfer funds to your beneficiary.   You further understand and agree that, because we do not maintain banking relationships with every bank, Citi sometimes uses one or more intermediary banks to transfer your funds to the beneficiary bank. After a User executes a funds transfer request through an intermediary bank, that bank is responsible for completing the request.   H. Funds Transfer System Laws and Rules. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 6, you agree to be bound by all funds transfer system rules that apply to a funds transfer. You agree not to violate any applicable laws or regulations, including without limitation, the economic sanctions administered by the U.S. Treasury Office of Foreign Asset Control or any other applicable sanctions regimes. Funds transfers may involve one or more funds transfer systems. In these cases, the rules of the appropriate funds transfer system(s) will apply along with applicable laws and regulations.   I. Currency of Funds Transfer. External funds transfers might be limited to certain currencies (e.g. U.S. dollars or the currency of the country where the beneficiary account is held). For certain transfers, at the time that the User requests the funds transfer, Citi may ask the User in which currency the beneficiary account is held. If the User indicates that the beneficiary account is held in a certain currency, the requested transfer will be executed in this currency (and you will bear the costs of such conversion). You understand that Citi has the right to rely on your statement as to the currency of the beneficiary account and that Citi will not be responsible for any error in the information it provides you concerning the applicable exchange rate and the amount of funds to be received by the beneficiary should your statement be incorrect and a currency conversion occurs before or after Citi sends the funds transfer request. If the funds transfer is made in a currency other than the currency in which your account or the beneficiary account is held, Citi or the beneficiary bank might convert your payment at the then applicable exchange rate, which may include a fee to Citi or the beneficiary bank for exchanging the currency. Information regarding the indicative exchange rate offered by Citi will be provided to each User at the time the User initiates the transfer. You understand that the indicative exchange rate offered by Citi is provided to you for indicative purposes only and may differ from the actual exchange rate applied at the time Citi processes the currency conversion transaction. If a User conducts a currency conversion directly with Citi's foreign exchange desk, you acknowledge that any subsequent funds transfer of the converted currency will be processed as a separate transaction. You will receive a transaction confirmation disclosing the actual exchange rate used by Citi for the currency conversion transaction.   If the User requests the execution of a funds transfer to your beneficiary in a specific currency, we cannot guarantee that your recipient will be able to receive such currency, because the laws of the country in which the recipient bank is located may restrict such a transfer. If your transfer must be converted to another currency, the recipient bank may charge a fee for this exchange. Transfers to locations outside the country where your account(s) are booked may be subject to legal and regulatory limitations imposed by the country where your account(s) are booked or foreign nations.   J. Indemnity. In consideration of the agreement by Citi to act upon funds transfer instructions in the manner provided in this Section 6, including where Citi may attempt to amend or recall a funds transfer at your request, you agree to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations to indemnify and hold Citi harmless from and against any and all claims, suits, judgments, executions, liabilities, losses, damages, costs, and expenses - including reasonable attorney's fees - in connection with or arising out of Citi acting upon funds transfer instructions pursuant to this Section 6. This indemnity shall not be effective to relieve and indemnify Citi against its gross negligence, bad faith, or willful misconduct.   K. Delays, Non-Execution of Funds Transfer Request. You agree that Citi will not be responsible for any delay, failure to execute, or mis-execution of your funds transfer request or delay in making the funds available to the beneficiary due to circumstances beyond the control of Citi or any intermediary or beneficiary bank handling the transfer, including, without limitation, any inaccuracy, interruption, delay in transmission, or failure in the means of transmission of your funds transfer request to the bank or execution of such request by the bank, whether caused by strikes, power failures, equipment malfunctions, or delays caused by one or more institution's fraud screening procedures or compliance procedures for anti-money laundering, economic sanctions or similar laws. You further agree that we may refuse to process or delay processing any request if it would violate any guideline, rule, policy or regulation of any government authority or funds transfer system.   Citi will promptly notify you if a funds transfer request cannot be effected (for whatever reason).   L. Cancellation or Amendment of Funds Transfer Request. You may cancel or amend your funds transfer request prior to Citi's execution of the funds transfer request and at a time that provides Citi with a reasonable opportunity to act upon that request. Any request made by you to cancel or amend your funds transfer request will be subject to Citi's consent and acceptance and Citi has no liability if it does not or is unable to stop or prevent the implementation of the initial funds transfer request.   If a User's funds transfer request has been executed by Citi, you understand and agree that the request to recall or amend the funds transfer will be effective only with the voluntary consent of Citi and the beneficiary bank. If you decide to recall or amend a funds transfer and your request has already been executed by Citi, Citi will first have to check with the beneficiary bank to determine whether or not the beneficiary bank will return your funds. If the beneficiary bank confirms that the funds are returnable and agrees to do so, once the funds are returned to Citi by the beneficiary bank, Citi will return the funds to you.   The amount that is returned to you may be less than you originally transferred because of service charges and/or currency conversations of the beneficiary bank and/or Citi. Citi shall not be liable to you for any loss resulting from the afore-mentioned charges/costs or failure of the beneficiary bank to accept a cancellation or amendment of your funds transfer request.   M. Claims; Limitation of Liability. It is your responsibility to review all confirmations, account statements and other advices and to notify us promptly of any discrepancies, errors and omissions.   If you believe there has been an error or you need more information about your funds transfer, you agree that you must contact Citi immediately following receipt of the corresponding communication, but in any event within thirty (30) days. At that time, you may be asked to provide the following information: 1) your name, address and account number; 2) the name of the person receiving the funds, and if you know it, his or her telephone number or address; 3) the dollar amount of the transfer; 4) the reference code for the transfer; and 5) a description of the error or why you need additional information.   Where you have not received any communication, you must present your complaint or objection as soon as such communication would have been delivered to you in the ordinary course of business. In the absence of such timely complaint or objection, we are entitled to consider any such communication, transaction or the non-execution of a transaction as approved and ratified by you. Any damage resulting from late presentation of a complaint or objection shall be for your account. In no event shall Citi be responsible for any incidental or consequential damages or expenses arising in connection with your funds transfer request.   
	.	Electronic Instructions. When the Funds Transfer Service is used to initiate a transfer of funds between your accounts or to a third party, or wire transfers, you authorize Citi to treat a User's instructions through the Funds Transfer Service as if they had been made in writing and signed by you. When a User instructs Citi to transfer funds at regularly scheduled intervals in the future, you authorize Citi to treat each transfer as if separately authorized in writing and signed by you, and to withdraw the funds from the relevant account designated.   
	.	Fees. There are currently no additional monthly or service charges or transaction fees for providing funds transfer instructions via the Funds Transfer Service, however, you are responsible for all account related monthly and service charges and transaction fees described in the fee schedule applicable to your account as in effect from time to time.   
	.	Service Disruptions. From time to time, the Funds Transfer Service may be unavailable due to various factors including but not limited to system maintenance downtime. As with any web and/or mobile based system, the operation of the Funds Transfer Service is inherently subject to interruptions and delays resulting from software operation, equipment and connection failures, traffic loading variations and other circumstances beyond our control. You understand and agree that due to the nature of the web and/or mobile networks, Citi cannot always foresee or anticipate such technical or other difficulties that might arise.   
	.	Change or Discontinuation. Citi reserves the right to change or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Funds Transfer Service at any time without notice, except as may be required under applicable laws or regulations, by mail or by electronic message or notification through Citi Private Bank In View. In order to maintain the security and integrity of the Funds Transfer Service and for other reasons that we in our sole discretion deem appropriate we may also suspend access to the Funds Transfer Service at any time without notice.   
	.	DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS. CITI MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY AND DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED USE OR TITLE OR NONINFRINGEMENT, AS TO THE FUNDS TRANSFER SERVICE OR ITS PERFORMANCE UNLESS DISCLAIMING SUCH WARRANTIES IS PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAWS OR REGULATIONS.   
	.	LIMITIATION OF LIABILITY. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS, YOU AGREE THAT CITI SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROVISION OF THE FUNDS TRANSFER SERVICE, OR THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE FUNDS TRANSFER SERVICE BY YOU, MODIFICATION OR DISCONTINUATION OF THE FUNDS TRANSFER SERVICE.   
	.	Indemnification. You hereby agree to indemnify and hold harmless Citi from and against any third party losses, claims, judgments, fees, costs (including but not limited to attorneys' fees), caused by or arising out of or in any way related to your violation or breach of any terms, representations or warranties contained in this Agreement, and you will reimburse Citi on demand in respect of such amounts.   
	.	Business Days. A business day means a day other than a Saturday or Sunday or a public holiday on which Citi is open for business to the public in Singapore or Hong Kong.   
	.	Governing Law. The same laws that govern your account relationship with Citi will govern this Agreement and you hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the jurisdiction specified in the terms and conditions governing your account relationship with Citi in all matters pertaining to your use of the Funds Transfer Service.   
	.	Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain valid and enforceable.   
	.	Amendments to Citi Private Bank In View Terms of Use.   Section 1 of the Citi Private Bank In View Terms of Use is hereby amended to include, as a new bullet point, "funds transfer requests from your eligible Citi account to another Citi account as well as via wire transfer to another institution initiated by you."   Section 5 of the Citi Private Bank In View Terms of Use is hereby amended such that the first sentence reads: ""You can grant access to your account information and other features available via the Service to one or more of the individuals to whom you have granted conventional access to such information (i.e. persons you have authorized to receive paper copies of your account information). All these individuals shall have access to all features of the Service which you have chosen to enable or which you have used."   Section 6 of the Citi Private Bank In View Terms of Use is hereby amended to include the following as a third and fourth sentence of Section 6: "Each Third Party User is severally empowered and authorized to issue instructions through the Service on your behalf. All access to your accounts or use of the Service by any Third Party User shall be deemed your access or use, and all references to access or use shall be deemed to include the Third Party User's access or use."   

CITI PRIVATE BANK IN VIEW 额外的资金转账条款及对使用条款的修订     重要事项：要授权使用 CITI PRIVATE BANK IN VIEW 进行资金转账请求，您必须用鼠标、键盘或其他计算机设备点击“接受”、“我同意”、“我赞同”或其他有类似文字的按钮或输入字段，同意此额外的资金转账条款及对 CITI PRIVATE BANK IN VIEW 的使用条款的修订。   本行可以向您发出通知，随时全权和绝对酌情决定变更这些额外条款与条件。一经使用 CITI PRIVATE BANK IN VIEW 授权资金转账请求，您即被不可推翻地表示已经注意到这些额外条款与条件的最新版本。因此，请务必经常查看这些额外条款与条件，尤其是最近修订日期迟于您最后一次查看的日期时。如果在收到这些额外条款与条件的变更通知之后使用 CITI PRIVATE BANK IN VIEW 授权一项资金转账请求，您将受所有此类变更的约束。   尽管此额外的条款与条件包括对 CITI PRIVATE BANK IN VIEW 使用条款的修订，只有在您接受此额外的条款与条件或已经使用 CITI PRIVATE BANK IN VIEW 授权一项资金转账请求时，您才会受此修订的约束。如果您未接受此额外的条款与条件且您未使用 CITI PRIVATE BANK IN VIEW 授权任何资金转账请求，则您不受此额外的条款与条件中包含的对 CITI PRIVATE BANK IN VIEW 使用条款的修订的约束。   在法律允许的范围内，本行不就与任何资金转账相关的任何事项作出明示或隐含的保证。   您应该下载、打印或以其他方式保留这些额外条款与条件的副本，以作记录之用。   1. 本协议的涵盖范围。本 Citi Private Bank In View 额外资金转账条款及对使用条款的修订（“协议”）允许您授权使用 Citi Private Bank In View（“资金转账服务”）不时发起的从您的合资格 Citi 账户向另一 Citi 账户或通过电汇向其他机构进行的资金转账请求。Citi Private Bank In View 是一种电子私人银行和信息服务，它允许获授权用户（定义见下文）通过互联网和手提软件应用访问合资格账户和服务。    2. 定义。在本协议中，“银行”和“Citi”、“本行” 、“本行的”均指您开户所在的 Citigroup Inc. 的相关附属机构和/或关联机构（包括 Citibank, N.A. 及其位于各地的分行）。“您” 和“您的”指 Citi 账户持有人或账户持有人的授权代表（均称“用户”）。    3. 额外协议。除本协议的条款之外，您使用资金转账服务受 Citi Private Bank In View 的使用条款（经本协议第17条修订）所管辖，包括但不限于与个人身份识别信息、跨境数据传送、电子同意、通知及硬件和软件要求有关的条款。此外，资金转账服务及您通过该服务管理或访问的账户和其他服务也受其他管理您与 Citi 的账户关系的额外单独协议所管辖。    4. 安全程序。Citi Private Bank In View 的设计是根据 Citi Private Bank In View 的使用条款第 5 条和第 6 条的规定，将软件的发放、用户名和/或登陆 ID、密码、软件令牌和安全令牌（合称“代码”）置于您或由您授权的人士（请参见下文“授权”部分）的控制之下。Citi Private Bank In View 被设计成只能通过输入有效代码才能访问。您同意，获发放该代码的所有用户均获授权访问资金转账服务。您授权 Citi 将使用有效代码在 Citi Private Bank In View 上或通过其作出的任何指示视作正确、经正式授权的指示，并与获发放代码的授权用户书面作出并签字的指示作同样对待，无论该指示是否实际经该用户或任何其他用户授权。除非有相反的确凿证据，对于通过 Citi Private Bank In View 进行的任何访问或行动，Citi 的记录将为定论。并且，您同意这些纪录可获接纳为证据及不会仅仅以该等记录是电子格式或是计算机系统的输出为理则，质疑或争议该等记录的证据可接纳性、可靠性、准确性或真实性，且您特此放弃就此提出异议的任何权利（如有）。您必须将代码保密，无论该代码是发放给您还是其他用户，且不得允许任何人士（包括另一获授权用户）使用发放给您的代码。您对您的雇员、您的关联方或第三方经过授权及未经授权地访问系统承担责任。您同意，如果发现任何差异，您同意将立即通知 Citi。因此，Citi 将视使用有效代码对 Citi Private Bank In View 进行的任何访问视为经过正式授权的访问，且 Citi 将执行由此发出的任何指示，而不考虑实际操作该系统或使用该代码的人员的身份。   您确认，您已经调查了 Citi Private Bank In View 所采用的安全措施，且您已经针对通过您的计算机、终端和手提设备访问 Citi Private Bank In View 设定了适当的控制措施。您确认，该安全系统和控制措施对账户持有人而言属于商业上合理且适当，并且，您同意采用该等安全系统和控制措施进行访问，包括经 Citi 批准的对该等安全系统和控制措施进行的提升或不严重降低  Citi Private Bank In View 安全性的任何后续调整。用户发出资金转账（包括电汇）的指示时，Citi 会遵循为了保护您而设定的安全程序，在执行该用户的指示之前，该安全程序可能需要向您致电或要求您或您的指定代表进行其他需要的联系。在某些情况下，Citi 还可能拒绝执行用户的指示。Citi 可能会采用其他控制措施来验证用户的身份，以作为允许访问系统的条件，包括采集和使用用来验证用户或用户的计算机的数据。您同意这些安全程序，同时确认，如果被电话或电子方式联系，您将执行或回应（并促使任何其他用户执行或回应）这些安全措施引起的请求，并受约束于任何由此产生的转账、不执行用户的指示或拒绝自认为用户的人士进行访问的决定。    5. 授权。您在此陈述，获发放代码并被指定为获授权用户的每名人士拥有您的一般授权，在与该代码的访问能力范围内发出指示（包括对转移您的资金及在 Citi 开立的账户的一般授权），并且，Citi 拥有账户持有人的全面授权依赖于并执行通过该等代码识别的指示。   对于合资格商业与信托等某些账户，同一账户持有人拥有的多个账户可以关联到一个代码。您可以通过您向本行提供的开户文件管理每名用户的特定权限，控制对账户的访问及限制从该账户进行的交易。如果用户是进行交易的账户的授权签字人, 由该用户进行的所有交易均被视为经过账户持有人授权。    6. 资金转账。某些法律或规例可能会提供某些类型的资金转账的某些权利。如本第 6 条所述，不同的规则可能适用于不同类型的资金转账。此外，对于您发起的某些资金转账，Citi 可能会就在您发起资金转账时所适用法律和规例要求向您提供某些信息披露。如果本第 6 条的规定与就某笔资金转账向您提供的信息披露不一致，则以该信息披露为准。   A. 资金转账的授权。在您或用户发出资金转账请求且该请求按 Citi 制定的程序执行时，您授权 Citi 在针对金额或受益人的任何适用限制的规限下执行用户的请求并从您的账户扣款。您理解并确认，Citi 无责任执行非根据这些程序发起的任何资金转账请求。您进一步确认，受理或处理资金转账请求受本第 6 条所列条款与条件所规限。   B. 依赖。在代表您进行资金转账时，Citi 将依赖于用户提供的信息。您理解，由于会根据用户提供的号码处理付款，您有责任向 Citi 提供有关转账的准确信息并促使并确保每名用户向 Citi 提供准确信息，包括资金转账的受益人的账号（“IBAN”）及在适用时，提供识别受益人机构的号码（例如“BIC”或“SORT”）。您理解，如果用户提供了错误的账号和/或受益人机构识别号，因资金被记入到错误的账户而导致的任何损失将由您负责。   对于某些资金转账，在用户发起转账请求时，可能会要求用户向 Citi 提供有关受益人账户所使用的货币的信息。您理解并确认，Citi 在根据本协议“资金转账的货币”一节所载规定执行用户的指示时会依赖于该信息。   C. 执行资金转账请求。  (i). 即时资金转账请求。如果 Citi 在非营业日或营业日的规定截止时间（由 Citi 不时确定）之后收到资金转账请求，则会在下一营业日才会进行处理。   (ii). 预定的未来日期的预约或定期资金转账请求。如果预定的或定期资金转账请求的转账日期并非营业日，您理解并同意，用户的请求将于下一营业日执行。Citi 将根据处理用户的资金转账请求时您账户中的可用余额，在执行资金转账请求当日作出付款或拒绝资金转账请求的决定。   D. 错误的资金转账请求。如果用户作出在任何方面错误的资金转账请求（包括召回或修改转账请求），无论该错误是否能够被任何安全程序发现，您同意支付该资金转账的费用和所有相关费用。   E. 拒绝资金转账请求。本行保留拒绝用户的资金转账请求的权利，而无需说明理由或提前发出通知。本行可因各种原因拒绝用户的资金转账指示，包括但不限于,您账户中的可用资金不足、转账请求违反任何适用的转账限制、用户的指示不完整或不清晰或本行因任何其他原因无法执行用户的指示。对于某些资金转账，本行可能会根据适用法律或规例的要求向您提供某些强制性披露。本行用来提供该等披露的方法相当可能取决于您选择以何种方式向 Citi 发出资金转账请求。如果本行无法以符合本行提供该等强制性披露的监管义务的方式提供强制性披露，本行将无法执行您指示。如果本行因上述一种或多种原因拒绝即时资金转账的请求，会在您在线期间或在本行决定拒绝您的请求之后尽快通过用 Citi Private Bank In View 发出信息或通过其他方式发出通知去通知用户。   F. 转账至受益人银行。如果用户请求 Citi 进行资金转账，用户必须选择一家金融机构作为该账户的受益人银行（即接收人银行）。对于在美国或向美国进行的资金转账，受益人银行必须是联邦储备系统的成员或该成员的代理银行，或清算所同业支付系统（CHIPS）的成员。   用户可以要求将该资金存入受益人银行的某个具体账户，或在受益人银行代您的受益人持有。在任何一种情况下，受益人银行负责遵循用户的指示并通知受益人该资金已经可用。资金被转账到受益人银行后，即成为受益人银行的财产。受益人银行负责定位、识别并向您的受益人付款。如果用户使用姓名和账号来识别受益人，则受益人银行可以将该资金支付给用该账号识别的人士，且 Citi 的付款将为最终付款，即使您提供的账号与您的受益人不对应。如果受益人银行无法确定账户，则该资金可能会被退回。   除非受适用法律或规例禁止，因用户提供错误账号或受益人的其他错误标识产生的任何损失均由您而不是 Citi 负责。   G. 转账方式。您理解，Citi 使用各种银行渠道和设施进行资金转账，但通常会使用电子方式。本行可以选择本行认为合适的任何传统方式向您的受益人转账资金。   您进一步理解并同意，由于本行并未与每家银行维持银行关系，Citi 有时会使用一家或多家中介银行将您的资金转账给受益人银行。用户通过中介银行执行资金转账请求后，由该中介银行负责完成该请求。   H. 资金转账系统的法律和规则。除本第 6 条另有规定之外，您同意受适用于资金转账的所有资金转账系统的规则所约束。您同意不违反任何适用法律与法规，包括但不限于由美国财政部外国资产管制办公室管理的经济制裁规定或任何其他适用制裁制度。资金转账可能涉及一个或多个资金转账系统。在此情况下，适当的资金转账系统规则将与适用法律和法规一同适用。   I. 资金转账的货币。对外资金转账可能限于某些货币（例如美元或受益人账户所在国家的货币）。对于某些转账，在用户请求进行资金转账时，Citi 可能会询问用户受益人账户所使用的货币。如果用户指明受益人账户使用的货币，则请求的转账将以该货币执行（货币转换的费用由您承担）。您理解，Citi 有权依赖于您就受益人账户的货币作出的说明，并且，如果您的说明有误且在 Citi 发出您的资金转账请求之前或之后进行货币转换，Citi 将不负责其就适用汇率向您提供的信息和受益人收到的资金金额中的任何错误。如果您的资金转账以不同于您的账户或受益人账户所用货币进行，则 Citi 或受益人银行可用当时的适用汇率将您的付款进行转换，可能包括就转换货币而需向 Citi 或受益人银行支付费用。有关由 Citi 提供的参考汇率的信息将在用户发起转账时提供给每名用户。您理解， Citi向您提供的参考汇率仅供您参考，并可能不同于 Citi 处理货币转换交易时使用的实际汇率。如果用户直接与 Citi 的外汇柜台进行货币转换，您确认，任何在转换货币后的资金转账将作为各别的交易进行处理。您将会收到一份交易确认函，该确认函说明 Citi 对该货币转换交易所使用的实际汇率。   如果用户要求按特定货币执行向受益人进行资金转账，由于受益人银行所在国家的法律可能会禁止此类转账，因此，本行无法保证收受人能够收到该种货币。如果您的转账必须转换为另一种货币，受益人银行可能会就此转换进行收费。向您的账户登记所在国家之外的地方转账可能会受您的账户登记所在国家或外国法律规定的法定或监管限制所规限。   J. 弥偿。考虑到 Citi 同意以本第 6 条规定的方式执行资金转账指示，包括 Citi 可能尽量按您的要求修改或召回资金转账，您同意在适用法律和规例允许的最大范围内，就因 Citi 根据本第 6 条执行资金转账指示引起的或与之相关的任何及所有索赔、诉讼、判决、执行、负债、损失、损害、成本和费用，包括合理的律师费，向 Citi 作出弥偿并令 Citi 免受损害。此弥偿不得用于豁免及弥偿 Citi 的严重疏忽、不诚实或故意的不当行为。   K. 资金转账请求的延误执行或未执行。您同意，由于超出 Citi 或处理该转账的任何中介银行或受益人银行控制能力的情况（包括但不限于传送中的不准确、中断、延迟，或将您的资金转账请求传送给银行或银行执行该请求时故障，无论是因为罢工、停电、设备故障或因一家或多家机构的欺诈筛查程序或反洗钱合规程序、经济制裁或类似法律产生的延误所导致）而产生的任何延误执行、未执行或错误执行您的资金转账请求或延迟将可用资金提供给受益人，Citi 不承担任何责任。您进一步同意，如果您的请求违反任何政府机构或资金转账系统的任何指引、规则、政策或规例，本行可以拒绝处理或推迟处理您的请求。   如果（因任何原因）无法执行资金转账请求，Citi 会立即通知您。   L. 资金转账请求的取消或修改。在 Citi 执行您的资金转账请求之前，且 Citi 有合理的机会执行您的请求下，您可以取消或修改您的资金转账请求。您取消或修改资金转账请求的任何请求须经 Citi 同意和接受，并且，如果 Citi 没有或无法停止或阻止执行最初的资金转账请求，Citi 不承担任何责任。   如果用户的资金转账请求已由 Citi 执行完毕，您理解并同意，只有在 Citi 和受益人银行自愿同意的情况下，您取消或修改资金转账的请求才有效。如果您决定取消或修改您的资金转账，且您的资金转账请求已由 Citi 执行完毕，Citi 会首先与受益人银行查询，确定受益人银行是否会退回您的资金。如果受益人银行确认该资金可以退回，并同意退回资金，一旦受益人银行将资金退回 Citi ，Citi 会将该资金退回给您。   由于受益人银行和/或 Citi 的服务费和/或货币转换，退回给您的金额可能会低于您最初转账的金额。对于因前述费用/成本或受益人银行不受理取消或修改您的资金转账请求而产生的任何损失，Citi 不对您承担任何责任。   M. 申索；责任的限制。您必须查阅所有确认函、对账单和其他通知，如有任何差异、错误或遗漏，应立即通知本行。   如果您相信有错误或需要有关您的资金转账的更多信息，您同意在收到相关通信后立即（但在任何情况下应于三十（30）日内）联系 Citi。这时，本行可能会要求您提供以下信息：1) 您的姓名、地址和账号；2) 接收资金的人士的姓名以及，如果您知道，他/她的电话号码和地址；3) 要转账的金额；4) 该笔转账的参考代码；及 5) 有关该错误的说明或您需要额外信息的理由。   如果您未收到任何通信，您必须于在正常业务过程中本应向您交付该通信的时间后尽快提出投诉或异议。如未及时提出投诉或异议，本行有权认为任何该等通信、交易或不执行交易已经得到您的批准和追认。因延迟提出投诉或异议所产生的任何损害应由您承担。在任何情况下，Citi 均不负责因您的资金转账请求产生的任何附带或相认的损害。
7. 电子指示。使用资金转账服务发起在您的账户之间或向第三方的资金转账或电汇时，您授权 Citi 将用户通过该服务发出的指示与您书面作出并签字的指示作同样对待。用户指示 Citi 在将来以固定的预约时间间隔进行资金转账时，您授权 Citi 将每笔转账与您单独书面作出并签字授权的转账作同样对待，并将该资金从您指定的相关账户划出。    8. 收费。目前，通过资金转账服务发出资金转账指示不收取额外的月费或服务费或交易费。但是，您应支付不时生效的适用于您的账户的收费表中规定的所有账户相关月费和服务费以及交易费。    9. 服务中断。资金转账服务可能因为系统停机维护等各种因素，而不时出现无法使用的情况。如同任何网络和/或手提系统，资金转账服务的运行难免会因软件操作、设备和连接故障、流量负载变化及其他不受我们控制的情形，而发生中断和延迟。您理解并同意，由于网络和/或手提网络的性质使然，Citi 无法总能预见或预测到这些可能发生的技术或其他问题。    10. 更改或停运。Citi 保留随时临时或永久变更或中断资金转账服务的权利，而无需发出通知。除非有适用法律或规例要求，而电子邮件或电子信息或通过 Citi Private Bank In View 发出通知。为保持资金转账服务的保安和完整性及出于我们单独酌情认定属适当的其他原因，我们可随时中断访问资金转账服务，而不另行通知。    11. 保证和陈述的免责声明。就资金转账服务本身或其性能而言，CITI 不做任何陈述或保证，并卸弃任何及一切明示或隐含的保证和陈述，包括但不限于有关可商售性、对某特定用途的适用性或用途、无差错、不间断使用、或所有权或不侵权的任何保证，惟适用法律或规例禁止该等保证免责者除外。    12. 法律责任的限制。在适用法律和规例所允许的范围内，你同意 CITI 无须为因本协议、资金转账服务的提供、您使用或无法使用资金转账服务、或资金转账服务的更改或停运而引起或与此有关的任何直接、间接、特殊、相应而生、惩罚性或附带的损害赔偿，而对您承担任何法律责任（无论是合同法、侵权法或其他方面的法律责任）。    13. 弥偿。凡因您触犯或违反本协议中的任何条款、陈述或保证造成、引起或在任何方面与之有关的任何第三方损失、索赔、判决、费用、成本（包括但不限于律师费），您同意特此同意对 Citi 进行弥偿，并确保他们不受此损害。并且，您应在 Citi 要求时补偿这些金额。    14. 营业日Citi 在新加坡或香港于不包括周六或周日或公众假日向公众开门营业的日子。    15. 管理法律。管辖您与 Citi 的账户关系的法律同样管辖本协议，您特此同意，在与您使用资金转账服务相关的所有事务上，服从管辖您与 Citi 的账户关系的条款与条件中列明的管辖法院的独有司法管辖权。    16. 可分割性。如果本协议的任何条款因任何原因变得无效、不合法或不可强制执行，其余条款仍然有效并可强制执行。    17. 对 Citi Private Bank In View Terms 使用条款的修订。   Citi Private Bank In View Terms 使用条款第 1 条现予修订为增加一个新的要点， “从您的合资格 Citi 账户向另一 Citi 账户或通过电汇向其他机构进行的资金转账请求”。   Citi Private Bank In View Terms 使用条款第 5 条现予修订，其第一句读作：“您可以向已被您授予该等信息的传统访问权的一名或多名人士（即您授权接收您的账户信息的纸质副本的人士）授予通过该服务访问您的账户信息和其他可用功能的授权。所有这些人士有权访问您选择启用或您已经使用的该服务的所有。”   Citi Private Bank In View Terms 使用条款第 6 条现予修订，以包括下列内容，作为第 6 条的第三句和第四句：“现分别授权各名第三方用户代表您通过该服务发出指示。任何第三方用户访问您的账户或使用该服务将视作为您的访问或使用，及所有有关访问或使用的陈述应视作包括由第三方用户进行的访问和使用。”
 
